#NowPlaying "LOOΠΔ/ODD EYE CIRCLE - Starlight"
(You couldn't just pass the roller coaster!)
I've never ridden these kind of things before!
I've ridden it before, though it's scary!
I've never ridden even a pirate ship before. Because it's so scary!
(But you all have to try it this time!)
Choerry: Unbelievable!
No! No way! It doesn't make any sense!
Choerry: No way!
Kim Lip: Oh my...!
So scary!
(They get scared.)
(But the youngest member looks so happy...)
(And it's time to get off the roller coaster...)
(But they got one more chance to ride!)
Kim Lip: Why did they give me one more ride... No! I hate!
JInSoul: We don't need to ride it twice!
Kim Lip: I hate!
(Finally the girls got off the roller coaster after riding twice...)
JInSoul: We're in LA but...
JinSoul: We've just got this letter~
Kim Lip: We've got this letter~
(The fan letter was given to them who were on the way back!)
Thank you!
JinSoul: You know? It feels like...
JinSoul: As soon as I arrived at this sea, it's so refreshing!
Kim Lip: It was really nice to hang out with our members!
(The first schedule jn LA is complete!)
JinSoul: Right. Also, the weather was so nice today!